README.md, before:


          Leaderboard

<a name="readme-top"></a>
<div align="center">
  <h3><b>Leaderboard </b></h3>
</div>
<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 to do List <a name="about-project"></a>

"Leaderboard" is a minimalist web application that uses HTML, CSS, Javascript(ES6) webpack, bundlers linters and gitflow to let a user maintain a leaderboard. User would be able submit the score and refresh the scoreboard asynchronoulsly and dynamically. RESTful API leaderboard is consumed.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>
<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
    <li>CSS</li>
    <li>Java Script()ES^</li>
  </ul>
</details
<!-- Features -->
### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>
<ul>
<li> User is able to add name and score.</li>
<li> User is able to refresh the score board</li>
<li> The webapp enables user to see the latest score on the leaderboard</li>
<li> webapp uses minimalist web design.</li>
<li> UX is manifested by simplicity and easy to use interaction</li>
</ul>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:
- Git: Download and install Git for your platform.
- Node.js: Download and install Node.js for your platform
- webpack and liver server



### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:umarahgul/leaderboard.git
```

### Install

Install linters for this project 
Install webpack

```sh
  cd leaderboard
  npm install
```
 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Umarahgul**

GitHub: [@umarahgul](https://github.com/umarahgul)
LinkedIn: [@umarahgul](https://linkedin.com/in/umarah-gul-36028a103)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>
- [ ] **The refresh button would have functionality'**
- [ ] **The submit button would be able to submit new score**
- [ ] **Styling would be added to enhance UX and UI**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the issues page.
If you wish to contribute to the 'leaderboard' project, you can follow these steps:
Fork the repository to your GitHub account.
Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
Make your changes and commit them with descriptive commit messages.
Push the changes to your forked repository.
Open a pull request to the original repository, describing your changes.
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->
## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>
 I am grateful to you for your interest and support, and your support means a lot for future development. Give a ⭐️ to show your support.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>
I would like to thank Microverse for providing a steep learning curve and making this project possible.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->
## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>
This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

added styling to the page

README.md, after:


          Leaderboard

<a name="readme-top"></a>
<div align="center">
  <h3><b>Leaderboard </b></h3>
</div>
<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 to do List <a name="about-project"></a>

"Leaderboard" is a minimalist web application that uses HTML, CSS, Javascript(ES6) webpack, bundlers linters and gitflow to let a user maintain a leaderboard. User would be able submit the score and refresh the scoreboard asynchronoulsly and dynamically. RESTful API leaderboard is consumed.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>
<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
    <li>CSS</li>
    <li>Java Script()ES^</li>
  </ul>
</details
<!-- Features -->
### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>
<ul>
<li> User is able to add name and score.</li>
<li> User is able to refresh the score board</li>
<li> The webapp enables user to see the latest score on the leaderboard</li>
<li> webapp uses minimalist web design.</li>
<li> UX is manifested by simplicity and easy to use interaction</li>
</ul>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:
- Git: Download and install Git for your platform.
- Node.js: Download and install Node.js for your platform
- webpack and liver server



### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:umarahgul/leaderboard.git
```

### Install

Install linters for this project 
Install webpack

```sh
  cd leaderboard
  npm install
```
 

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Umarahgul**

GitHub: [@umarahgul](https://github.com/umarahgul)
LinkedIn: [@umarahgul](https://linkedin.com/in/umarah-gul-36028a103)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>
- [ ] **The refresh button would have functionality'**
- [ ] **While waiting for refresh to fetch a wait can be added**
- [ ] **Styling would be added to enhance UX and UI**
';[hp-;hl,km n]
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the issues page.
If you wish to contribute to the 'leaderboard' project, you can follow these steps:
Fork the repository to your GitHub account.
Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
Make your changes and commit them with descriptive commit messages.
Push the changes to your forked repository.
Open a pull request to the original repository, describing your changes.
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->
## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>
 I am grateful to you for your interest and support, and your support means a lot for future development. Give a ⭐️ to show your support.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>
I would like to thank Microverse for providing a steep learning curve and making this project possible.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->
## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>
This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
